Functions | Example | adding a callout (#7642)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/functions/examples/create-user-profile-record/index.mdx

Update the `amplify/data/resource.ts` file to define a data model for the user's profile:

<Callout warning>

> Make sure to configure the authorization role to allow the `postConfirmation` resource as highlighted below, this is what creates the environment variables, to learn more visit the [environment variables and secrets documentation for Functions](/[platform]/build-a-backend/functions/environment-variables-and-secrets/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to configure the authorization rule to allow the `postConfirmation` resource as highlighted below. Granting access to resources creates environment variables for your Function such as the GraphQL API endpoint. To learn more visit the [environment variables and secrets documentation for Functions](/[platform]/build-a-backend/functions/environment-variables-and-secrets/).
```
